# UNAP Transport Carrier // 3.05.5014u

As the squad awakes from their month-long stasis and set their sights on the planet known as **HERCYNIA**, the drop carrier's captain notifies them to suit up - and make sure to borrow some EVA gear if they don't have any. The squad straps into one of a few dropships, and preps for the descent.

The squad is given a briefing packet from **UNION COMMAND** with the following sitrep:

1. Union’s imperative dictates that the squad treat the situation with utmost care. Hercynia is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
2. The current holder of Hercynia’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of SmithShimano Corpro. The Squad is to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
3. Hercynia was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

The squad lands safely, dismounts from the shuttle, and begins assembling their gear as a small group approaches the shuttle. The group introduces themselves as a militia, with **BRAVA HADURA** as their Commander. She quickly informs them to get moving – and stay low, as there's a sniper in the area. The shuttle then begins its automated launch sequence, only to return a year from now.

# Evergreen, Hercynia // 3.05.5014u

The squad is escorted to **EVERGREEN** by the militia members. At a crossroads, the squad is warned that the street is a favorite of the sniper that has been plaguing the people of **EVERGREEN**, they are warned to move fast. While crossing the street, **MAJESTY** and **PRINTLOAF** are narrowly missed by the sniper. 

After entering the colony, the squad was informed that it would be a few hours until **PATIENCE** can meet with them. In the meantime, the squad splits up and explore the colony. 

**MAJESTY** and **RED** visit the **THE BOTTOM OF THE WELL**, meeting the proprietor, **MIR BAHADUR**, and becoming significantly intoxicated. **BAHADUR** asks **MAJESTY** if she could provide some live combat footage for "entertainment" purposes.

**SWAMP** and **CURSED** visit the **MILITIA ARMORY**, where **BRAVA** asks the squad to provide combat footage showing the effective use of heavy ordinance for use as training material.

**LOOKER** and **PRINTLOAF** visit the **PRINT SHOP**, meeting chief engineer **CASTOR FIELDING**, who asks them to provide scan data on the raiders that have been harassing the colony, so that he and his squad may calibrate weapons for the militia.

# Evergreen, Hercynia // 3.06.5014u

In the morning, the squad meets with **PATIENCE**, who grants them printer authorization and informs them of the colonies raider problem. The squad chooses to assist **FIELDING** with draining the colony's **LANDING BOWL**.

# Evergreen Outskirts, Hercynia // 3.06.5014u

The squad departs, escorting a number of CEC Trucks. Not long after departure, they come under attack from a number of strange mechs outfitted with some strange, chitinous armor. 

The squad manages to repel the attackers, destroying one in the process. **LOOKER** investigated the wreckage, discovering that the pilot must have ejected. While the mech's computer was destroyed in the fight, **LOOKER** did note that the mech seemed to be an upscaled version of the Weasel; a **SECCOMM** era hardsuit.

**PRINTLOAF** managed to salvage a sword from the wreckage of the destroyed mech, though the squad will not be able to repair it, it should be usable for a short while.

# Landing Bowl, Hercynia // 3.06.5014u

<<<<<<< HEAD
After reaching the **LANDING BOWL**, the squad manages to conduct some field repairs, patching up the damage inflicted during the fight. The squad then recieves a distress signal from the **GREY TOWNS**, which they move to investigate.

# Châus Farm, Hercynia // 3.06.5014u

After trekking through the jungle for a while, the squad finds the source of the distress call, the **CHÂUS FARM**, which is being besieged by rogue farming drones and subalterns, lead by a decrepit looking mech, **[THE BROADCAST]**. 

After a hard fought battle, the squad successfully defeated the attackers, saving the **CHÂUS'**. 

After hearing that the farm's comp/con is experiencing a number of technical issues, **LOOKER** looks into it, discovering a message presumably written by **>//BEGGAR_ONE**, a remote root level user who the squad believes to be a rogue **SECCOMM** Era NHP. **LOOKER** manages to isolate a signal, which appears to be reactivation prompt of some sort. **LOOKER** also manages to isolate some of the codebase for "personal use", resulting in an odd, semi-sentient program that calls itself **CYNOSURE**.

**PRINTLOAF** decides to investigate the wreckage of **[THE BROADCAST]**. Upon closer inspection, it appears that it is an old **SECCOMM** Era chassis, in the sense that it appears to have been built and fielded by them. Inside, **PRINTLOAF** uncovers what appears to be human remains, though the body is unidentifiable for obvious reasons.

# Evergreen, Hercynia // 3.07.5014u

After returning to Evergreen, **CASTOR FIELDING**, as thanks for their support, gives the squad a set of Core Batteries.

# The Governer's Farm, Evergreen, Hercynia // 3.14.5014u

While on a walk around **EVERGREEN**, **CURSED** attempts to chat up **LOOKER**. This fails in suitably dramatic fashion, and news of **LOOKER'S** rejection of **CURSED** soon spreads across the colony.

# Militia Armoury, Evergreen, Hercynia // 3.14.5014u

While taking a walk around **EVERGREEN**, **SWAMP** notices the militia conducting rail-rifle training. After failing to assist in spectacular fashion, **BRAVA** questions if **SWAMP** even knows how to fight dismounted, challenging them to take out a foe while dismounted.

# Print Shop, Evergreen, Hercynia // 3.30.5014u

On a visit to the **PRINT SHOP**, **PRINTLOAF** runs into **FIELDING**, who asks if they could help him out by salvaging some rare materials during their next sortie, an offer to which **PRINTLOAF** readily agrees.

# The Bottom of the Well, Evergreen, Hercynia // 4.05.5014u

**MAJESTY** and **RED** spend some time undertaking some R&R at **THE BOTTOM OF THE WELL**. After a long, heavily redacted night of drunken debauchery in which an undisclosed amount of alcohol was consumed by all involved, **MAJESTY** and **RED** wake up to find a number of items and favours that are now in their possession.

=======
After reaching the **LANDING BOWL**, the squad manages to conduct some field repairs, patching up the damage inflicted during the fight.
>>>>>>> cd742448b42f1b3f1ee2ce37576e1fb9f89c4753
